🔖 bump version to 0.6.11 (#720)
cda-tum/fiction: docs/changelog.rst

The format is based on `Keep a Changelog <https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/>`_.

v0.6.11 - 2025-04-23
--------------------

Added
#####
- Algorithms:
    - Parameters to move inputs to top border or outputs to the bottom border after ``hexagonalization``
- Experiments:
    - Added experiment for a comprehensive analysis of the critical temperature domain
    - Added total simulation runtime to physical simulation experiment

Changed
#######
- Documentation:

>     - Modernized the documentation builds by migrating the RTD build from pip to uv.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Modernized the documentation builds by migrating the RTD build from ``pip`` to ``uv``.
```

>     - Modernized the documentation builds by migrating the RTD build from ``pip`` to ``uv`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Modernized the documentation builds by migrating the RTD build from ``pip`` to ``uv``.
```

Author: sorry

- Algorithms:
    - Refactored ``QuickSim`` to remove magic number for upper limit calculation
    - Refactored random layout design functions

Fixed
#####
- Fixed a bug in the z-dimension when determining the aspect ratio for cell-level layouts

> - Fixed issue in TTS calculation

Reviewer: Can we specify the issue briefly?

> - Fixed Readme due to migration of mqt repository

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed linkes in the README due to the migration of the ``mqt-core`` repository to a new namespace
```

> - Fixed issue in TTS calculation since the automatic base detection was activated

Reviewer: This reads a bit ambiguous to me.
```suggestion
- Fixed an issue in the TTS calculation caused by the automatic base detection being activated
```

> - Fixed linkes in the README due to the migration of the ``mqt-core`` repository to a new namespace

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed links in the README due to the migration of the ``mqt-core`` repository to a new namespace
```

- Exclude ``ClusterComplete`` from simulation engine selection when ALGBLIB is disabled
- Fixed inconsistencies and various bugs in SiDB simulation/analysis
- Fixed LT, LE, GT, and LE gate handling in the gate-level-layout and the corresponding read and write functions

> - Fixed an bug in the crossing count calculation

Reviewer: of...?

> - Fixed a bug in the crossing count calculation of a gate-level layout

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug in the crossing count calculation of gate-level layouts
```
